<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>

    <title>Midnight Sun</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../stylesheet.css"/>
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../page_styles.css"/>

  


<link href="../../calibreHtmlOutBasicCss.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />

</head>
<body>

<div class="calibreMeta">
  <div class="calibreMetaTitle">
  
  
    
    <h1>
      <a href="../../../test.html">Midnight Sun
</a>
    </h1>
    
    
  
  </div>
  <div class="calibreMetaAuthor">
    Stephenie Meyer

  </div>
</div>

<div class="calibreMain">

  <div class="calibreEbookContent">
    
      <div class="calibreEbNavTop">
        
          <a href="part0034.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
        

        
          <a href="part0036.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
        
      </div>
    

    
<div class="galley-rw">
<section id="acknowledgements" epub:type="backmatter acknowledgments">
<h1 class="appendix-title"><a id="page-660"></a><a id="page-661"></a><a href="../Text/part0002.xhtml#toc-acknowledgements">Acknowledgments</a></h1>
<p class="center">This book has been my nemesis for so many years that it’s hard to remember everyone who helped me along the way, but here are the heavy lifters:</p>
<p class="center1">My three amazing children, Gabriel, Seth, and Eli (now all grown men!), who behaved themselves so admirably over the last fifteen years that I was able to invest all the time I would have spent worrying about the bad choices they <em class="calibre2">didn’t</em> make into worrying about the bad choices my fictional people <em class="calibre2">did</em> make.</p>
<p class="center1">My super-capable husband, who handles most of the math-related and technological aspects of my life.</p>
<p class="center1">My mother, Candy, who quietly refused to ever accept that I had given up on this book.</p>
<p class="center1">My business partner, Meghan Hibbett, who keeps Fickle Fish Productions on track while I abandon the physical world for long periods of time. Also my best friend, Meghan Hibbett, who is my primary outlet when I need to scream and cry and rage over misbehaving characters.</p>
<p class="center1">My agent, Jodi Reamer, who let me take my time with this one but was prepared to jump into action the second I was ready.</p>
<p class="center1">My film agent, Kassie Evashevski, whose calm good sense keeps me off ledges.</p>
<p class="center1">All the great people at Little, Brown Books for Young Readers, who have given me such extraordinary support—especially Megan Tingley, who has been with me for all seventeen years (!) of my writing career, and Asya Muchnick, who is the kindest and most insightful of editors.</p>
<p class="center1"><a id="page-662"></a>Roger Hagadone, the photographer who has shot our stunning, memorable covers. I can’t imagine what the feel of the saga would be without your artistry.</p>
<p class="center1">The gorgeous ladies of the Method Agency, Nikki and Bekah, who are always cheerful about the weird things I ask them to do.</p>
<p class="center1">So many gifted creators who’ve made incredible Twilight Saga websites and fanart.</p>
<p class="center1">So many authors who have created incredible worlds for me to escape into.</p>
<p class="center1">So many musicians who have unknowingly been the soundtrack in my head.</p>
<p class="center1">And finally, the readers who were so patiently eager for this book. I never would have finished without your support. You belong on this page. Please, write your name on the line below and give yourself a high five.</p>
<p class="center2"/>
</section>
</div>



  </div>

  
  <div class="calibreToc">
    <h2><a href="../../../test.html">Table of contents
</a></h2>
    <div>
  <ul>
    <li>
      <a href="part0000.xhtml">TITLE PAGE</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0001.xhtml">COPYRIGHT</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0003.xhtml">DEDICATION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0005.xhtml">1. FIRST SIGHT</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0006.xhtml">2. OPEN BOOK</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0007.xhtml">3. RISK</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0008.xhtml">4. VISIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0009.xhtml">5. INVITATIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0010.xhtml">6. BLOOD TYPE</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0011.xhtml">7. MELODY</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0012.xhtml">8. GHOST</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0013.xhtml">9. PORT ANGELES</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0014.xhtml">10. THEORY</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0015.xhtml">11. INTERROGATIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0016.xhtml">12. COMPLICATIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0017.xhtml">13. ANOTHER COMPLICATION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0018.xhtml">14. CLOSER</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0019.xhtml">15. PROBABILITY</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0020.xhtml">16. THE KNOT</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0021.xhtml">17. CONFESSIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0022.xhtml">18. MIND OVER MATTER</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0023.xhtml">19. HOME</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0024.xhtml">20. CARLISLE</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0025.xhtml">21. THE GAME</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0026.xhtml">22. THE HUNT</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0027.xhtml">23. GOODBYES</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0028.xhtml">24. AMBUSH</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0029.xhtml">25. RACE</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0030.xhtml">26. BLOOD</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0031.xhtml">27. CHORES</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0032.xhtml">28. THREE CONVERSATIONS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0033.xhtml">29. INEVITABILITY</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0034.xhtml">EPILOGUE: AN OCCASION</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0035.xhtml">ACKNOWLEDGMENTS</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="part0036.xhtml">DISCOVER MORE</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
</div>


  </div>
  

  <div class="calibreEbNav">
    
      <a href="part0034.xhtml" class="calibreAPrev">previous page
</a>
    

    <a href="../../../test.html" class="calibreAHome">start
</a>

    
      <a href="part0036.xhtml" class="calibreANext">next page
</a>
    
  </div>

</div>

</body>
</html>
